Added 2020 Call for Volunteers Blog (#287)
pythonindia/inpycon-blog: content/blog/2020-volunteering.md

> Title: Making PyCon India even more amazing with your help

Reviewer: Actually scratch that, we need a better title though.

> Title: Making PyCon India even more amazing with your help

Author: How about `Help us make PyCon India even more amazing`?

> Title: Making PyCon India even more amazing with your help

Reviewer: It has the helpful vibe, but no call to action.

Date: 2020-06-30 22:00
Author: Nikhil Maan (@sc0rpi0n101)
Category: 2020
Slug: 2020-call-for-volunteers

Have you ever wished you could contribute or give back to the Python Community? Well, here’s an awesome opportunity for you to do it at PyCon. 

> [PyCon India](https://in.pycon.org/2020/) is a grass-roots, community-driven event. What that means is that various communities across the nation and people that love python come together and help in every way they can, to run the event. The conference is operated entirely by volunteers from planning it, finding the speakers, to handling the event successfully.
> 
> <!-- PELICAN_END_SUMMARY -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion

<!-- PELICAN_END_SUMMARY -->

[PyCon India](https://in.pycon.org/2020/) is a grass-roots, volunteer-driven conference. What that means is every year for the past 12 years Python communities across the nation have come together to help plan, organize, manage, and run the conference. The conference is operated entirely by volunteers from planning to finding the speakers to managing call for proposals to handling the mega event successfully without fail.
```

@Sc0rpi0n101 Let's give depth to what PyCon India means.

## What you need to know. 

Before you embark on a journey helping the community make the conference even more amazing, there are a few things you should know:

> * There is a lot of work that goes into a conference, and all of it is done by the volunteers. So, naturally, volunteering requires a lot of time and effort, and some activities like handling social media and registrations, a lot more than others. So, make sure you can allocate sufficient time to your volunteering efforts. 

Reviewer: We actually don't need any help with registrations. 

 handling social media --> Running outreach and social media, building content, finding speakers
